Add comment aboutcustom changes in config files (#41)
microverseinc/linters-config: css/README.md

2. Enable stickler in your repo. You can do it [here](https://stickler-ci.com/).
3. In first commit of your feature branch add a copy of [.stickler.yml](./.stickler.yml) and [stylelint.config.js](./stylelint.config.js) to the root directory.
    - **Remember** to use both files linked above
    - **Remember** that `.stickler.yml` file name starts with a dot.

> 4. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represnt style guidelines that you share with your tem - which is a group of all Microverse students.**

Reviewer: [Typo] :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
4. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represent style guidelines that you share with your team - which is a group of all Microverse students.**
```

Author: @bolah2009 ❤️
